ART.Font {#ART-Font}
====================

ART.Font creates a shape based on text content using a custom Cufón-style font face.

It uses custom path rendering through [ART.Shape][] which is slower than native [ART.Text][].
Although it may give a more appealing rendering - especially when rotated. It also enables
custom font faces in more browsers.

### Extends:

- [ART.Shape][]

ART.Font method: constructor
----------------------------

### Syntax:

	var text = new ART.Font(text, font);

### Arguments:

1. text - (*string*) The text you would like to display.
2. font - (*string*, *object*) The font that will be used. This can be an string or an object, see examples.

### Returns:

* ART.Font instance

### Examples:

	var art = new ART(500, 100);
	// A basic example using a string to set the font-family to moderna and font-size to 12px
	var text = new ART.Font('I am some ART.Font Text', 'moderna 12px');
	font.fill('blue').move(10, 10).inject(art);

	// Sets the font-weight to bold
	var text = new ART.Font('I am some ART.Font Text', 'bold moderna 30px');

	// Using an object to define the font
	var text = new ART.Font('I am some ART.Font Text', {
		fontFamily: 'moderna',
		fontWeight: 'bold',
		fontStyle: 'normal',
		fontSize: '20px'
	});

### Note:

* When using a string to specifiy the font, the order of font-weight, font-size and font-family is important: first font-weight then size and family.


ART.Font method: draw {#ART-Font:draw}
--------------------------------------

Draws the text (again).

### Syntax:

	font.draw(text, font);

### Arguments:

1. text - (*string*) The text you would like to display.
2. font - (*string*, *object*) The font that will be used. This can be an string or an object, see examples.

### Returns:

* ART.Font instance

### Note:

- If there was already a text drawn, the `draw` method will remove that and draw the new text.


Function: ART.registerFont {#ART-Font:ART-registerFont}
-------------------------------------------------------

Registers a new font which can be used by ART.Font. Fonts can be generated by [Cufón font generator](http://cufon.shoqolate.com/generate/).
Make sure you use `ART.registerFont` as JavaScript function.

### Syntax:

	ART.registerFont(data);

### Arguments:

1. data - (*object*) An object containing the (generated) font data.


[ART.Shape]: ../ART/ART.Shape
[ART.Text]: ART.Text